in this analysis of the game dragon ball z
battle of z had not been for a long time
we had a game of dragon ball in
conditions for good console that in
conditions is a saying and let's see
why
the problem that battle or zeta has is
just his legacy because in the past
other games like the franchise of the
ships to put an example put
ready very high so much that this game by
misfortune does not come and rushes from
bad way if one thing they have done well
is to innovate that can not be denied
but who are really looking for fans of
dragon ball innovation live once more
manga stories the answer
it really is a lot harder than
that seems like the story has already been
repeated over and over again throughout the
day many games but never in a way
totally faithful you have to say so what
it could then be accused of being
little innovative and you need to break away from
something new but if it moves away from the handle
original will not like fans so much
as you really see the answer is a
dilemma battle or zeta offers us a
game style totally different to
the previous known games we
we will find before a game to play
in cooperative because that is his trick
principal
this makes it a very game
interesting to play online
cooperative but not local because we
we find before the first game of
dragon ball without multiplayer in it
console due to the change of gameplay
the story that we will find in the
game will be more focused on the
cooperative four players that
covers from the arrival of the aliens to
the earth until the saga debut a
special emphasis on the new movie
dragonball released in the past year
2013 graphically although the game continues
being the cepsi of the characters have
a more realistic aspect by making
look like plasticine there will be people who
you like there will be people watching me
personally I do not like it and would prefer
a style closer to the anime as soon as
to its playability we will realize that
have taken a step backwards because many
Sometimes we are faced with a mechanical
simple and repetitive that makes the
game gain ease of control but
that limits in a brutal way the
playability
this little depth in the system of
combat that often seems that
There are certain automatisms about
that we do not have new control will make the
people lose interest in the title of
progressive way in the end this
battle of eta is not a bad game but if
is right and maximum in everything and unfortunately
still not the game of dragon ball z
that we all look forward to
we will have to keep waiting
this is a game that I would recommend so
only the fans who really want
to try a new game dragon ball
although personally I would recommend before
a title rental that is your purchase